I'm good to invite Master Wanjie to the stage
What's up?
Block this little master from arriving
Didn't you hear what Chu Lao said?
Call me up.
Hahaha
What else is this doing?
Boy, you're quite good at acting
I was almost deceived by you.
Hey, Miss Xia
You see, I'm out long ago, he's not a good thing
Boy, do you have anything else to say?
What I said is true.
Little lady, believe me enough
This boring farce
Bored to see the second time
Then let your people ask him out
Do you think Wan Jiaqi is sick?
It's okay to pretend to be crazy and act stupid
How dare you come to such a big place today?
Don't you want to die?
He has offended so many people
Will die miserably
Even if Master Xiong comes and can't save him